[#42] Support primary keys with other name (#43)
bitcrowd/bitcrowd_ecto: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Changed Repo.fetch/2 and Repo.fetch/3 to work with non-standard primary_keys
> 
> ### Added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

* Changed `Repo.fetch/2` and `Repo.fetch/3` to work with primary key with name other than `id`.
```
